Hey, good morning family. How are y'all
doing? It's evening here now, but I
always say good morning because it's
morning somewhere. I always
come here to this campus because of
what the Lord has showed me
is
coming here. And these praying hands
when I drive by, they mean so
much to me. You know, the motto of
the school is 'Make no little plans
here.'This
is the ORU campus, by the
way. I was driving by
tonight and the Holy
Spirit was just stirring in me so strong
about the revival that's about to take
place at this campus. You know, it's
just what faith will build, what faith
will do when you use your
faith like a muscle.
It's important, y'all.
I drive by this because it
inspires me to think big. It inspires me
because this is what Oral Roberts
believed God for. Every
day I try to drive around here at
least once and try to come over here and
just inspire myself. The towers
over there where the hospital
was—I
know they've sold that recently, I
believe—but
just the center, because the Lord
showed me there will be a major
outpouring of the spirit of the Lord in
that big coliseum once again. The old
wells of revival are coming uncapped.
He told me, and I come over and
I look at the prayer tower.
Can you see the prayer tower over there?
The prayer tower right there—it's right
over there. That's where they pray.
And I just thought, you know,
it's exciting because some of the
greatest ministers of
any generation—I mean, I believe
from Kathryn Kuhlman to Benny Hinn to all
the greats that have come
through here and had healing
services and deliverance services where,
you know, their ministry may not be all
that it was back then, but look at what
God did at one point in time through
this right here. And what
an amazing thing that he's doing and I
know that he's going to do again. I
showed you Victory and it's just right
there. And I'm just excited because
expectation brings
manifestation. And it has nothing to
even do with me. It's just something
that I pray over because I know that God
is going to visit the young generation,
this young youth again with one last
call, one last harvest, a major harvest
of souls like we've never seen before
and the glory of the Lord with fire. I
believe that there'll be signs
and wonders in the last days like it did
with Azusa Street when there was a
pillar of fire that was shown over
Azusa
Street. And I'm believing there'll be a
pillar of fire over this Mabee Center and
there'll be a pillar of fire over this
ORU
campus and that there will be a
greater revival than even
what happened at Asbury. You know that
revival, I don't know, I guess it
kind of fizzled out, but my goodness,
I know that we're on the cusp of
something huge about to take place in
this Tulsa metroplex area and that
God is about to do something huge in
these last days. The Lord showed me
Pastor Billy Joe Daugherty's son Paul Daugherty at
that church right there, that there'll be
an extension of the revival that's about
to take place at ORU.
And
this is a massive church there,
Victory. Well, Diana's with me now and
it was so cold I had to get out
of being outside. I told her, I
said, 'I can't make this
video.'I
was trying to go and make the video at
the campus and I was freezing. The wind
was blowing so hard and it was cold
and I told Braden, I said, 'Are
you cold?'He goes, 'Yeah.'I said, 'I'm
cold, too. Let's
go.'So,
you know, we have such an urgency
though as we make the rest of this video
for you all.
The things the Lord has been putting on
our hearts
is he said, 'Brandon, people are not
awake yet. There's no sense of urgency.
Even in the upper leadership, they have
a form of urgency, but deep down in
their heart, there's not a
stirring.'And
people go, 'Well, you're judging
people.'No,
I'm not judging people. I'm
just saying what he says. I have no idea
what you feel, but I know what the Holy
Spirit has told me, and I'm just going
by what he said. So, if you don't agree
with it, take it up with him. All I can
say is what he's told me and what
we pray about. And the Lord
said, 'I'm going to bring a greater
shaking to awaken beyond anybody's
comprehension of what's about to happen,
folks. I'm telling you, a major
shaking.'And
people go, 'Well,
that sounds like
fear.'You
know, Diana and I are talking about a
lot of the people that we've come in
contact with. They say,
'Well, you're a fearmonger or
whatever.'They've
said that before
to us in the past and
maybe, just maybe, your channel has
grown so much because you preach a lot
of fear because fear sells.
But folks, it's not fear.
It's an awakening unto God. And if
you're in fear, it's
because you're not awake.
Your heart should be looking vertical
with him. And that shouldn't scare you
whenever he said these things are going
to happen because why? We're dead to
self. We are looking for the coming of
the Lord Jesus Christ. And we have an
urgency. And he told me, he said,
'Brandon, there's no urgency. There's no
urgency in my body. There's no urgency
right now. Do you really realize I'm on
my way? Do you really realize that this
is the last call for the harvest of
souls, the greatest harvest of souls
this world has ever seen
before?'As
we sit on ORU campus with these
hands, they mean something. They mean
prayer changes things. They mean to me
as I drive by it that somebody
used their faith to get those hands
there. That probably cost a lot of
money. Behind us, that campus that you
all seen, the Mabee Center, cost millions
of dollars. It was Oral
Roberts'faith
that brought that forth using
his faith like a
tool—not
a weapon, but a tool—a tool that he
continually used to build his campus, to
build the university for God.
And he gave all the glory to God taking
healing to the nations, raising up
doctors, doing all the things that he did
in his generation. But the Lord said,
'Brandon, there's one more wave.
There's one more wave of revival. Those
old wells that had been
capped,'the
Lord said, 'I capped them.'He said,
'I'm uncapping those wells.'And as you
saw that church, Victory, he said,
'Brandon, there, Victory and
ORU
will be an extension of each other in
the days ahead, and you will see a major
outpouring of the spirit of the Lord
greater than even Asbury. That was
nothing compared to what's about to
happen with that Mabee Center. That's
nothing compared to what we're about to
see all throughout Tulsa
with Victory Church. That Victory Church
across the street—I don't know how many
seats that holds, probably a
10,000-seat
auditorium. That's a massive one. And
then they have the Mabee Center. And I don't
know how many seats that holds. The
Mabee
Center is a little over 10,000 seats.
Okay. So, you have 10,000 seats in the
Mabee
Center. Thanks, babe. Ten
thousand
seats in the Mabee Center. We
have
5,000 at Victory Church.
Okay. So, 15,000 seat capacity
between the two. That's amazing. And
they could do simulcast, make it live,
have an overflow, but it doesn't matter
when the glory is there. It's about a
radical move of the spirit of God one
last time.
'One last call,'he said.
And now I see it. Do you remember I told
you he was going to use the angels? He
told me, he said, 'Brandon, I'm sending
my reserves,
my angel army reserves. I'm sending
them.'There's
going to be two angels
per person. No matter how many demonic
spirits there are on the earth, greater
is he that is in you than he that is in
the world. I was listening to Sister
Billie
talk about old stories and John G.
Lake would go and he would put a
beautiful white suit on with a white tie
all fixed up every day because he saw
himself as a carrier of the glory.
He saw himself as someone who carried
God to the nations. There were over
100,000 documented miracles that came
through his ministry over the course of
the whole time he was preaching.
But he got radically on
fire going to Azusa Street. There is a
cross-pollination
with the glory. As you are on fire, you
light somebody else on fire.
It's not going to be just about the
churches, folks. God told me
specifically that he was going to do
something huge on the OU campus, that there
would be a major healing revival come
forth with the young people
there.
So that's why I go and I pray and I
drive around it. You go all
down Lewis Avenue and I just circle
around,
just praying in the spirit, seeing the
Lord show me something else. I'm hungry.
I'm desperate.
I want change. I am so tired of having
church that's just normal.
I know it's like, what are
we looking for? What are we waiting for?
What is going to be the
tipping point to what we're looking for?
And the Lord said, "There's no urgency in
my churches, for the coming of my son is
at
hand."Many
believe it's way far off in the
distant future. But I'm trying to tell
you all, just like Paul Revere riding in
the midnight hour telling you the
British are coming, I'm writing in the
midnight hour telling you that Jesus is
coming as loud as I can.
I've been there. I've seen it. I know
exactly what the Lord is saying in my
heart. He's shaking me to awaken me
every day and have an expectation. I
wake up with an urgency every single day
to tell you all
about the Lord, to tell you all there's
a storm coming. I'm here to tell you all
there's a heaven to gain and a hell to
shun. I'm trying to wake you up to tell
you all with urgency, to shake you
until
your teeth rattle, to tell
you, "Listen
to me, Jesus is
coming."When
I went through tribulation with him and
he took me out of my body—I don't know
if I was in my body or out of my
body—I
don't know what happened. All I
know is I was there,
and Jesus told me what was coming before
he came.
He told me there would be one major
push that would not last that long.
There would be a major revival that does
not last that long,
a glorious church that will
rise up like Tommy
Hicks'vision
that he had. You can Google it—Tommy
Hicks'vision—and
see what I'm talking
about, that the body would move like a
mighty giant.
But the Lord said to me, "Brandon, it's
not about
charismatics.
It's not about
the
non-denominationalists.
I'm going to pour out my spirit upon
all
flesh."Do
you understand? It's going to be a
denominational barrier buster. Where it's
been, "Well, the Baptists are over here and
we don't really listen to them because
of their doctrine,"and "Well, we don't
listen to the Catholics because of their doctrine,"and
we've
got the Methodists and
we don't really know what they
believe, or what the Church of
Christ believe, or whoever. The
Lord said, "I'm bringing these denominational
walls down."He's going to break
the walls down.
And he told me, "We will move as a
body."Yeah,
we all have different
thinking,
but whenever wartime happened, like in World
War II, the men were out to war and the
women helped in the factories and did all
the things they could to help
support the men. Do you understand? In
war times, in the body of Christ,
we're a body, we're a family.
It's not about
religious barriers. It's about taking
down those walls and knowing that it's
all for one and one for all, like
the Three Musketeers.
We're going to do something big for
Jesus.
It's about getting the lost saved.
We have differences of
thinking,
but we all have the same cause:
to reach the lost for Jesus.
Let's join together and reach the lost
for Jesus. Regardless of what our
beliefs are,
you may believe in the baptism of the Holy
Spirit, you may not; you may believe in
the gifts and signs and wonders, you
may not—I don't know. We do. But does
that make me better than you? No, it just
makes me hungry. I'm hungry
and
thirsty. We're seeking Him. I know
you're hungry and thirsty
and
seeking Him in your way. But my
goodness, folks, what could we do if we
joined together?
The devil has divided us.
The devil has made us think, "Well, you're
this and I'm
that."No,
I believe it's just like racial
things—"Well,
you're Black, I'm white;
you're Mexican, I'm white; you're
browner, I'm redder."Whatever. We're all
the same blood. We have the same color
of blood. My organs would
work
in your body. Skin
shouldn't matter. We're brothers and
sisters.
It's time to put away our petty
differences and rise up and be what God
has called us to be: a body.
You may be the hand, but I might be the
foot. Either way, we work together
and we make something beautiful happen.
Like the Bible says, even the parts
that are not seen are sometimes the most
vital.
It's just so important because I'm
telling you
all, I have such a hunger and
anticipation. And he told me, "Brandon,
I'm going to shake this world like it's
never been shaken before.
You're about to see things that you
never thought you would see. It will
be with earthquakes,
volcanoes,
and
signs in the
heavens.
It's going to shake the ones that are
pretending to be
awake."He
said, "Brandon, for my remnant
doesn't
even have an urgency,
and I am going to bring a great urgency
to my body. The ones that are
standing in the way will be removed.
I will bring up the ones that are
hungry, thirsty, and
desperate for me, and
I will use you mightily in these last
days.
For the ones that have a religious
nose to the sky
will either go by the graveside or
they're going to be removed. I don't
know how, but he told me they will
be removed and I will
bring forth the new
Davids—the
ones that will just say yes.
God's just looking for a yielded yes.
I've said it, and I'll say it again: God's
just looking for somebody who says yes.
We came across this prophecy.
Sister Billie was talking about this at
the conference, and Diana, this
is from Brother Kenneth E. Hagin. He
gave this word back, I don't know how
long ago, but it goes alongside what I'm
trying to tell you. He even saw what
I've tried to tell you all. Tapping into
the spirit realm, tapping into the river,
will be like taking a breath
where it's been so hard to get into it
before in the past.
It's going to be so easy. We're just
going to jump right
into
those rivers.
Holy Ghost flow.
Holy Ghost rivers
are coming in a mighty rushing wind.
The sound of a mighty rushing wind. This
was exciting. Diana reads
so much better than me, and I
said, "Baby, will you read this for
me?"Okay,
so this is from Kenneth E.
Hagin,
and it was from 1983.
Oh, 1983.
Yeah, 1983.
It's amazing. I wanted to read
this. Hopefully, I can do it justice
because it's amazing
and
very powerful. In this move, you have
not seen the revival of divine healing
that you're about to see.
Praise God, y'all.
Oh, yes. You saw those that I raised up.
You've seen men and women mightily used
of my spirit. I sent them forth as a
pilot program to try to train you, but
many just looked at them and lifted them
up. Some of them were lifted up in
pride and the anointing left them.
Right? See, deflect.
Deflect. That's what the Holy
Spirit told us when he visited us: "We're going
to work mightily together, but you're
always to deflect. Don't let the pride
in."Yes,
that is it. I didn't hear him say that
before.
Yes,
I'm sorry, I just—my goodness.
And some became money-minded and lost the
anointing.
Money-minded.
Pride and money.
But there will arise a group in
this day that's a brand new breed.
They'll not be greedy of filthy
lucre.
They'll not be wanting to attract
attention unto themselves.
They would care less whether God uses
me; they'd rather God use you.
And God will not use just ministers;
He'll use laymen. And there'll be a
revival of divine healing such as you
have not seen in your lifetime or read
about or heard about, saith the Lord,
and a revival of the supernatural. Not
only the supernatural in casting out
devils, not only the supernatural
in
healing the sick, not only the
supernatural in speaking with other
tongues, but the supernatural in the
realm of the seen realm. Men
will see the glory of God. A cloud will
hang over certain congregations, even
the church building, for days at a time.
And everybody that passes by, sinner and
saint alike, will say, 'Well, what in
the world is that? I've never seen
anything like that.'And there will be in
other places the fire of the spirit. Oh
yes, in the spirit realm, some of us have
seen it;
we've been conscious of the
fire of God. But the fire will actually
come into manifestation. And there'll be
people, sinners as well as saints, that
will see fire all over the heads of the
people.
They'll be driving down the
street or down the highway and they'll
see fire on top of the buildings and
they'll come and say, 'What does all of
this mean?'But you see, the Lord will
use signs of His presence to bring
people in the last days into the
fullness of His spirit and into full
salvation. And signs, signs—what kinds
of signs? Miraculous things in the realm
of the spirit. And then they'll be
manifested in the realm of the physical.
And the glory of God will fall. And the
power of God will be in manifestation.
And men and women too will even be
transported like Philip was and found in
another place. And great, great, great
shall be the reward thereof.
For the Lord God is the same God today
as He was yesterday. His power has not
diminished, and His name is still the
same. Today He can make the iron axe
head float. Today He can divide the
river just for two men to cross over to
the other side. Today He can feed 5,000
with a little boy's lunch. He is the
miracle-working
God. Brag on Him. Lift
Him up. Draw attention unto Him. Tell
about how great He is. Get up in faith
and tell about what great things He's
going to do. And He'll move and keep His
word with you. And many shall be
astonished. But the greatest miracle of
all is that there'll be so many fish
caught in the net that the nets can't
hold them.
The Lord said, 'Get a
big net. Brandon, it's
time to get a bigger net. You've got to
catch them because they're coming in
hot.'And
I saw them coming in really
fast. And I was like a catcher's mitt
for
a fastball coming in. He said,
'Catch them because they're coming in
fast.'Brandon,
what's about the shaking that's going
to awaken? They're coming in fast.
Are you ready?
Go.
There won't be church houses enough to
hold the people. Amen. Amen. For the
purpose of all is that you may be
fishers of men.
Hallelujah. Quit fishing in
your bathtub. There's not any fish in
your own bathtub. Go out where the
fish
are and throw out the
net—not
the hook, the net—and pull it in and
bring them in. And the glory of the Lord
shall shine and the end shall come. And
you'll stand in the place, yes, many of
you that stand here, including myself,
will stand in the place of ministry that
you've not stood in before, and will
stand in the place that's been ordained
for you from the foundation of the
earth. And if it were to be
told to you, if
we were able to tell you in human
language that which will transpire in
some of your lives and some of our lives
who are here just now, your mind would
not be able to comprehend it. As you
say, speaking in the human
vernacular,
it would almost blow your mind. But
you'll see it. You'll rejoice in it.
You'll be glad of it. It's just out
there a little ways in front of you. Be
faithful.
That was in
1983.
So it's not a little ways
anymore,
folks.
No, we're there.
I mean, what is that, 41 years ago?
Yep.
Praise God, folks.
It's just out there a
little ways in front of you. Be
faithful. Be joyous. And rejoice in the
Lord always, and He'll bring it to pass.
Many shall go and tell the story and His
great glory show. The power of God in
manifestation shall be the gifts of the
spirit. The manifestation of His spirit
into
full potential shall come the
ministry gifts. The apostle and the
prophet, the evangelist and pastor and
teacher too shall flow as one. One body
in the spirit. Hallelujah. Shall go
forth to conquer and to do His deeds and
great shall be the reward thereof. Thank
Him. Glory to God. Now, let me give you
further
wisdom and advice. Being
conscious of a mighty move in your
spirit, wanting and desiring to do the
will of God, but don't try to do it
yourself. Just learn to relax and to
flow with the spirit. Don't try to
figure it out in your head. What does He
want me to do? Just learn to relax and
flow with the spirit. It'll take care of
itself. You don't have to worry.
I know
there's something He wants me to do.
Fine. Just keep on praying and just flow
with the spirit. You'll not come into
the full potential of what God has for
you tomorrow,
next week,
or
next
month. Some will not even come into the
full potential of what God has for you
next year.
But as you're faithful
and as you're trained and as you learn
to yield, you'll move eventually into
that place that He has had
for you all along. Glory to God.
Moving into that place of ministry,
whether it's in
full-time ministry or pulpit ministry or
personal ministry or whatever your place
is in the body of Christ, moving into
that place is fueled by prayer, fired by
the spirit, and ignited with His glory.
I'll read that again:
whatever your
place is in the body of Christ, moving
into that place is fueled by prayer,
fired by the spirit, and ignited with
His glory.
It's the glory.
Yes.
And
it's fueled by prayer.
We need more prayer.
Even with this channel,
it's
about the prayer.
Because He says,
'If there's no fuel there, there's
nothing to
ignite.'Fueled
by prayer,
fired by the spirit, ignited with His
glory. You'll have to stop and analyze
that. There's a difference between
firing and igniting.
It's like the furnace.
You see, there's a pilot light there that
fires the thing, and then the whole thing
becomes
ignited. Then the heat flows
out.
Can you see what He's saying? Fueled by
prayer, fired by the spirit, ignited
with His glory.
Hallelujah.
If there's no fuel, there's
nothing to fire. Fueled by prayer.
It's
the foundation of everything.
It's what brought
Azusa
Street.
It
all
came out of prayer. They were in
that little house on
Azusa
Street for I don't know how
long, praying. Then that earthquake
happened in San Francisco and shook that
whole thing. They
prophesied it, and after the prophecy
came, the earthquake came.
Everybody remembered the prophecy, and
Azusa
Street exploded in
that little barn,
that little
stable-looking
thing.
It all came out of prayer,
an awakening unto God.
This is part two of this prophetic
word,
ignited by prayer.
This is another prophecy
right here, and I feel
it's
important that we keep going over these
prophecies.
These are nuggets in
archives that we need to bring back out
because they were given forty years ago, and
people forget about those words. It's
time for those words that
were spoken forty years ago to manifest.
I believe the more we talk about it,
it's bringing a charge in the
atmosphere.
That's why I bring these prophecies
back;
it brings a charge. You can feel it. I
feel that glory stirring up, and
I want to run around my house.
I can hear Kenneth Hagin's voice saying
it. When I'm reading it, you can
almost hear his voice.
I miss him so much.
Pop Hagin was
awesome.
You are right on the
verge of the greatest move and
manifestation of the Spirit of God that
this world has ever seen. You're right
on the edge of it, like standing
on the creek bank about to jump in.
If you'll give more earnest heed
to
the things which you have
heard—not
only those things
about faith and
healing, but also those
things which you have heard about the
Holy Spirit,
angels, and
divine visitation.
For remember that it was prophesied
by
Joel of old: 'In the last days, says the
Lord, I will pour out my Spirit upon all
flesh; and your young men shall see
visions, and your old men shall dream
dreams. And upon my handmaidens will
I pour out my Spirit, and they will
prophesy.'So,
not only will
young men prophesy, but young women will prophesy.
The anointing and the outflow
of the Spirit of God shall be great and
amazing in these days, for there
shall be visitations of angels. Be not
afraid. In these days, there shall
come a mighty manifestation of the
Spirit, and the work that God intended
should be done in these last days shall
be accomplished. For the time is short
and things must be speeded up.
You'll learn spiritual things much faster
than those of yesteryear, and
you'll develop much faster. It'll be
said of some that they virtually
matured overnight.
Glory to God.
They shall go forth to speak
in the name of the Lord because they
understood the principle of faith.
They'll understand the principles of the
kingdom and the laws
of God. They'll operate and minister
in that area, and nothing will be
hidden
from them. Though some
standing
here now have
operated in a measure in those areas in
times past, because they've let
these things slip, they themselves in
ministry and in life have slipped,
but
they shall be restored. Yea, they shall
even be restored this night. The
manifestation shall come, and the glory
of God shall rest upon
you.
His glory shall be seen
round about, and the cloud of God will
come and fill the house. Yea, it
will seem as though the whole building
is filled with smoke.
The glory of God shall be a
manifestation, and great shall be
the noise thereof. Praise and
adoration shall go up from His
people, and it shall be noised abroad.
Men from afar shall hear
of
it
and
shall come to behold it. For the
Lord shall be a manifestation in these
days in all ways He has ever manifested
Himself, both in the Old Covenant and in
the New Covenant, plus the multiplying
of the power of God.
As men grow more
and more wicked, and as
Satan—because
he knows his time is short—and all of
his cohorts and evil spirits go about as
never before to devour, the power
and
glory of God shall be
increased and multiplied.
It shall flow like a mighty river.
Millions will be swept into the flow of
that river and shall flow forth to
be in praise and glory. For the glory of
the Lord is in manifestation and
will be seen on the faces of the
saints. The glory of the Lord God shall
shine forth until men walk into a place
of business and people will fall on
their knees and cry out to God, though
nothing
be said. Women will walk
into a place of business, and people will
fall on their knees and cry out to
God, though she opens not her mouth.
For the
manifestation of His power
and
glory is reserved
for
this hour. If it could be told
in a way that you could see it even
with the eyes of your spirit, if it
could be displayed at this moment before
you in a tangible form that you could
see with your physical eye, it would be
very difficult for you to believe that
which shall shortly come to pass.
But as you walk with the Lord
and prepare your heart and feed upon
His Word, as you listen to what the
Spirit of God says, your heart shall be
prepared and your mind will be changed
until you flow into the supernatural as
naturally as a bird flies through the
air.
It won't take effort;
it's just a bird flying through the air
gracefully.
You'll flow in the supernatural as
naturally as a fish swims in the
water
and
as
naturally as you breathe the very air.
You'll not be conscious of your
faith.
It will just be like taking a breath.
The Lord told me, 'Walking in the
supernatural will be like
taking a breath. It will be effortless.'Brother
Hagin
said it too in 1983.
I was a baby, but
when I heard that, I realized
he is
saying the same thing forty years later.
God
doesn't
change His mind.
He said it to
the prophet back then, and He's saying it
to the watchman now.
It's going to be like taking a
breath.
It's not going to be so hard
where we push; it
will be
like a light switch.
Walking in the supernatural,
laying hands on the sick and seeing them
recover, casting out devils—we're going
to work with the angels
for one last push.
You'll flow in the supernatural
as naturally as you breathe the very
air. You'll not be conscious of your
faith
or
what's going on around you, but rather
you'll be conscious of the flow of the
Spirit of God, and He will manifest
Himself and accomplish that
which He desires. For you see, these are
the last days, and this is the end time.
And what is done must be done quickly,
and it will be done. And the hearts of
many will be caused to rejoice. So rejoice,
rejoice, be glad, and praise the Lord,
and prepare your hearts, and let Him
prepare you for that which He has
prepared for you. And so walk in it. You
shall walk in it, and you shall run, and
you shall fly—literally, spiritually
speaking—and
you shall enjoy the
fullness of what is provided for you.
Praise the Lord.
Glory to God.
That deserves a hallelujah.
Raise a
hallelujah.
Oh Lord, You're so wonderful.
Raise a hallelujah.
Exciting times to be alive.
I'm going to sing in the middle of a storm.
Oh God. I just get it.
You know, I mean, I can say
this and keep talking about it over and
over again and just tell you, but
the Lord said there's not
enough urgency in my body.
And this was back 41 years ago.
How much more of an urgency should we
have? Jesus is standing at the door,
ladies and gentlemen.
Jesus is standing at the door. He told
me, 'I saw Him. His hand was
on the doorknob and He was looking up
like this.'And I said, 'Lord, what are
you doing?'He said, 'I'm waiting on my
Father's instructions to come and get
you, son.
I'm waiting on my Father's instruction
to open this door and come back and get
you.'The
rapture of the church
is at hand.
We will see a major harvest of souls
because He said, 'I—'He held His hands
out to me. Remember, there are humongous
holes in each of His hands.
They were out. He said, 'I died for
every single one of them.
Will you help me bring in the harvest,
Brandon?
Will you help me bring in the
harvest?'For
the harvest is plentiful and the
laborers
are few. And I am the Lord of the
harvest, Brandon. And I saw a vast field
of wheat that was ripe and it was
bending over because the weight of the
fruit of the wheat was
breaking the stalks. It was bending over
because it was ready to be
harvested.
And the Lord showed me that harvest
equipment up in the barn. And there were
glorious
stacks of farm equipment, the
glory.
And there was all kinds of harvest
equipment in there to bring it in with
the outpouring tools that we need for
the great manifestations of the sons and
daughters of the glory of God.
Oh, I just get so excited because I
know what He's told me:
that there will be a great glory
explosion upon this planet like we've
never seen before. He said, 'Brandon, my
church does not have enough urgency
behind the pulpits right now.
Even the things you watch on
YouTube,'He
said, 'Brandon, the people that are
pretending,
there's not enough urgency even in
them.
The people that you look up to,
there's not enough urgency even in
them.'He
said to me,
'I need
the people to just—'Like He said,
'There's going to be such a shaking. It's
going to be like your teeth rattling,
an awakening unto God.'And He said,
'They're focused on the money.
They're focused on the financial gains
of what they're going to get from
me.'And
he said, 'Brandon, I told you I'd
provide all those things. I told you I'd
take care of all those things.
But the financial outpouring is for the
harvest
to bring in the people with the net.
Yes, it's a blessing. And yes,
it helps you to get nice
things if that's what you're believing
for, but the basis of what He's wanting
to do with it is to bring in the
harvest.'He
wants so badly that not one should
perish but all come to repentance.
Not one should perish but all come to
repentance.
And just like a groom brings
presents for the bride,
He told me, 'In old Jewish tradition, son,
the groom would always bring
gifts before He comes for the
bride
in the
marriage.'He's
bringing these gifts
and I know it's exciting. Seek ye first
the kingdom.
Keep your eyes vertical, not horizontal.
Seek Him and you will find Him.
Knock and the door will be opened unto
you. It will all get left here anyway.
We're about to leave it all.
Seek Him, not His hand.
Yes. Seek Him, not His hand. But do
you all realize all that you're
believing for right now? A lot of you
for the financial outpouring. You're
only going to have it for just a couple
of months, maybe a year. I don't know
how long He decides until the rapture of
the church. You're not going to have it
that much longer. You're going to leave
it here and it's going to go through
tribulation. A lot of what you're
believing
for, right,
it's just a transfer to get the souls to
help fund the gospel to get
everything that we need done so
we're not hindered by having to have
money to get the job done,
to get out of here.
It's not, 'Well, it's time to party.
Let's go out and buy a
yacht and have a nice Ferrari and your
Rolls-Royce or
whatever.'It's
about
a transfer to go out of here like a
rocket ship.
I'm telling you, the
people in the tribulation are going to
need
it.
It's going to be hell on earth, folks.
I've been there. I've seen it when I
went with Jesus. No food, no water. And
the last vision I had,
was it two
or
three nights ago, I was sitting on
the couch and the Lord showed me the
black horse riding.
I was sitting there praying. I was
travailing and I saw the black horse and
the green horse, the chlorophyll horse,
riding together. Almost like they were
riding at the same time. One took off a
little earlier and the one followed a
little behind. But the
Lord showed me
the drought of weather manipulation.
I could do this all in another video.
That's how deep this was.
This video is already going really long.
So I saw the weather from
manipulation of weather by man and
they're going to lose control of it. I
saw great mighty shakings coming with
the weather because they're playing with
something they have no idea what they're
playing with
and they'll lose control over it. I saw
drought coming like you wouldn't believe
with crops trying to
population control. It was very demonic
what I saw them doing. But the black
horse will ride.
And I saw it running through Africa. I
saw it running through Europe. I saw it
running through the Middle East. I saw
it running and it was running fast. And
it had a black
trail moving behind
him. As he was running, he left an
imprint
in the atmosphere and it was changing
things. And as he rode, there was
drought and there was pestilence and
there were things that were coming that
people had no idea what was about to
happen.
And that's why the Lord is showing me
there's so many people that will go
through so much in the days ahead
with the plagues, with the pestilences,
with these horses, with what's about to
take place. Wars and rumors of wars. I'm
telling you all I saw a plan
with peace and safety and
then sudden destruction. I saw things
happening even more in escalation with
Putin and the things that I've not
been able to talk about.
I'm not able to say some of the things
the Lord has said to me
because He said not to.
He said, 'Brandon,
9/11 happened and COVID happened and not
a lot of people knew it was coming.
There were certain ones, but for the
most part, not very many did.'And He
said, 'What's about to take place in
this earth, I'm not going to say it
because it's designed to shake and to
awaken.
And you will not be allowed to say some
of the things I'm showing you because
it's designed to shake and awaken. And
if they know it's coming, it won't shake
them. There is a lot of people that are a
mixture that watch my channel.'He said
75%,
and those pass those videos
around and some of them do, some of them
don't, but there's 25% that do, and those
that are 25%, you have an urgency inside
of you.
Most of the body of Christ doesn't want
to hear it. It's fear-mongering.
But you who are awake and watch this
channel, you know, you sense something.
You can feel it. There's something about
to take place. There's an urgency inside
of you, and it wakes you up. You know,
and you say, "My goodness, what is this
that I'm praying into?"And God is
trying to tell you because you're awake.
Not everybody feels that. But there's a
lot of people, the 25-percenters
who
feel there's something coming,
while
others want to ignore it and say,
"Oh, it's just fear-mongering. We can
pray against it and stop
it."You
couldn't stop COVID, could you?
You couldn't stop 9/11, could you? No.
Because certain things are designed to shake
and
to awaken.
It changes the course of everything.
Certain things happen for a reason.
And we're going to see some things
happen for a reason. And it's to shake
and to awaken. There's no urgency. And
he said, "I'm going to create an urgency
by what is about to take
place, by what he allows to take
place."Not
that he's causing death and
destruction, but he lets his hand allow
things to take place. Does that make
sense? Because there's no urgency. And
this is what causes people to wake up.
It's a spanking. "Get up. You're
asleep.""Well,
I like my pillow.""Get up. I told you to get
up."And
they go back to their
apathy. Is that a good word?
Apathy.
Yep. But God says, "I'm going to do one
more great shaking to awaken."And most
of you, hopefully, who watch this channel
are awake because it's going to happen
suddenly and within a 24-hour period,
everything's going to change.
Lose sight of self. Lose sight of just
the money. Lose sight of gain.
Gain the Holy Ghost. Gain him. I'm
seeking him today. Nothing else matters.
I need a touch from the Holy Ghost.
I need a river flowing out of me.
I'm
waking up every day with an
expectation that God's going to do
something
supernatural through you.
Waking up every day that God's going to
touch your life to touch others.
Like John G. Lake, putting on that suit
and looking at himself in the mirror—"I'm a
carrier of the anointing. I'm a carrier
of God. He flows through me and I
represent
him."So
you put on the white suit and you
represent the Lord. Not that you have to
wear a white suit, but I'm just saying
dress to impress because you're a king's
kid. Does that make sense? I am a
carrier of the Lord.
We have this treasure in
earthen
vessel.
Yes, we have this treasure in
earthen
vessels.
We are his temple. We are the temple.
Yep.
Yeah.
It's beautiful. I want to take communion
with you and with everybody else. Let's
take communion and let's believe God for
your
miracle today. Let's believe God
for the supernatural.
Yes.
You believe it?
I believe it. I'm ready.
I know you do. I believe it too,
honey.
And let's believe it together. We're
trying to
shake you all
to tell you there's an urgency.
I know I keep saying that, but my
goodness, you need to know it. There's a
great major thing about to take place
in God's timing. He won't tell me the
exact time. I've seen it.
And oh, what it will do to the world.
My goodness, folks.
Wake up. You're running out of time.
Father, we lift up this body before you.
We thank you, Father, because we
want to be awake. We want to seek your
face. We want to find you. As this
household, we need a move of God. And we
will not be the same today as we are
tomorrow. We will go from glory
to glory to glory. And Father, we thank
you, Lord, that you said in your word
that you were wounded for our
transgressions.
You were bruised for our iniquities. The
chastisement of our peace was upon you.
And with your stripes, we're healed. And
Father, I thank you, Lord. From the top
of our head to the soles of our
feet—from
all kinds of things, it doesn't
matter whatever it may be, sickness of
all kinds—you said you took it all. And
Galatians says that Christ has
redeemed us from the curse of the law,
and we will not be underneath that curse
anymore; and sickness is part of
that curse. And Father, we thank you,
Lord, according to Deuteronomy 28, those
curses, all that were listed, we're
redeemed from them. So, Father, we take
this body right now, and we're redeemed
from cancer. We're redeemed from lack.
We're redeemed from diabetes,
heart disease, high blood
pressure, high blood sugars,
glaucoma,
cataracts,
toothaches, gum deterioration, and all
kinds of things. You healed us by your
stripes. So, Father, we take this in
remembrance of what you did for us.
We take this, God, because you did it
all. And when you said, "It's
finished,"it
was finished. Everything you set out to
do, you did it. And we take part of
it and we remember what you did for us
in the name of Jesus. Thank you, Lord.
Now, Lord, we thank you for the blood
and we apply the blood and we make much
of your blood, Lord, for your blood
makes much of us. And we plead the blood
of Jesus over our households.
We plead the blood of Jesus over our
minds. We plead the blood of Jesus that
no weapon formed against us is going to
prosper. Every tongue that rises against
us, we condemn it. We say a thousand
shall fall at our side and 10,000 at our
right hand, but it will not come nigh
us.
We hold the blood of Jesus Christ over
our families, over my wife, over my
children, over me. The blood of
Jesus covers us. The blood of Jesus
covers us. And greater is he that is in
us than he that is in the world.
We thank you for the blood, Lord. We
confess our sin and you're faithful and
just to forgive us of our sin and
cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
And we plead the blood of Jesus Christ
over us today in our household.
We take communion every day in this
house. We take this communion every day.
And we believe that the Lord Jesus
Christ is one with us and we're one with
him—that
as he is, so are we in this
world.
As he is, so are we in this world.
Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today,
and forever.
He said it and I believe it
and that settles it.
I am fully persuaded
that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday,
today, and forever. He is the same God
that he was then as he is now. He has not
changed. He's still healing the sick.
He's still casting out devils through
you and
me.
We lay hands on the sick and he said
they will recover. We cast out devils
and he said they have to flee. Submit
yourself therefore unto God. Resist the
devil and he will flee from you.
You say, "Well, how come the Lord
hasn't taken any more of these devils?
They're bothering me,"all this stuff.
He said, "You do it.
You do it."He's not going to do any
more about the devil for you. He's already
done everything he's going to do. He
said, "You do it. You submit yourself
unto God."It takes you doing it. You
resist the devil. He didn't say, "I'm
going to resist the devil for
you."He
said, "You resist the devil and he will
flee."But
it takes you saying, "I submit
myself to God today. I submit, Father. I
need you. Holy
Spirit, help. I need you. And I submit
myself unto God. And I resist him.
Satan, get yourself out of here in the
name of Jesus. You will not torment me.
You will not try to bother me. I plead
the
blood of Jesus over my mind, over
my body. Thus far, Satan, and no
further. You will not torment my
children. You will not torment my house.
You will not mess with my finances. You
are under my feet. Greater is he that is
in me than he that is in the
world."And
that's what you've got to do. Submit
yourself therefore unto God. Resist the
devil and he will flee.
Believe it. You've got to believe it. Be
fully persuaded about that. "Well, I'm
having bad dreams at night. I'm having
night terrors. I'm having all this stuff
go on in my marriage."I plead the blood
of Jesus. What do you mean by that? It's
what's at the mercy seat. It's what's at
the throne room. And Jesus is your
attorney, and Satan is the
accuser of the brethren. And he's up
there saying, "Look what she's
done."Look
what he's done.
But you are saying, "What do you
plead? Guilty or not guilty?"I say I
plead the blood.
I plead his blood. His blood washes me
white as snow. His blood makes me whole.
His blood protects me from my head to my
toe. His blood is everything for me;
it's at that mercy seat. And Jesus says
to you, "Satan, they plead the
blood."So
they plead innocent because the blood
makes you innocent—spotless before the
Father. The blood makes you innocent,
spotless because Jesus was sinless.
He had no sin.
There was no sin in him. So his blood
was pure and it washes you white as
snow.
He is the redeemer.
He set you free. He paid for
all of it by what he did on
Calvary's
tree. He did it all. He paid the price
for you and me. He washed you in his
blood and set you free. But you plead
the blood because it's at his mercy
seat. And he is your attorney.
Just like a good attorney goes before
the judge, and God is the great judge of
all things, Jesus is the attorney,
and he's making intercession for you and
me.
He's praying for you right now, and
he says, "I plead the
blood. My blood, Father, washed
all that they did away."And Satan's up
there, the accuser of the brethren;
the Bible says he's accusing you. He
wants you dead; he wants
to
kill, steal, and destroy. But it's only
by this blood that represents what he
did on that cross that you're able to
live free.
That's why I take this every day.
The only way that we're able to stand
against the devil is by the blood of the
Lamb and the word of my testimony. And
my testimony is he saved me, he
delivered me, he turned my life around,
and the only thing that stands
so
that I can go to the Lord's throne is
the blood of Jesus Christ.
It's what's on that mercy seat in
his courtroom. And that's why I do this
all the time with you all, because this
is the only thing that
gives you power.
Do you understand? If it wasn't for this
blood
and
that body, you'd be
damned to hell for eternity.
None of us have enough good works; none
of us can do anything good enough. We
all have sinned and come short of the
glory of God. The Bible says every
single one of us deserve hell. But it's
because of this blood you're able to be
free.
This is just a representation of it; we do
it by faith. That's why Diana and I take
this every day, because if it wasn't for
the blood,
where would we be?
It's the blood that washes us;
it's the blood that cleanses us from all
unrighteousness. But it's the blood
that's at the mercy seat. It is an
altar, and he presented his blood;
he was a sacrifice, the Lamb
slaughtered for the sins of
the world. He took it all for you and
me.
By his stripes, you're healed. By his
blood, you're free. He washed you white
as snow.
That's why we
make much of the blood.
We make much of his blood, and his blood
makes much of you. Do you understand?
Now, I tried to explain it a little bit
because people go, "What does this mean?
Why do you do this?"It's the blood
that makes you white as snow.
Jesus is your attorney making
intercession for you. "Father, they
messed up
again."His
blood is praying for you; his
blood is crying out for you.
Guess what? It's all washed away.
Whatever you've done today, the
Bible says if you confess your sins, he
is faithful and just to forgive you of
your sins and cleanse you from all
unrighteousness.
Every one of us deserve hell.
Not one of us can do it on our
own. It's by his blood.
So we take this blood and we make much
of your blood today, Lord. And we thank
you, Lord, for what you did. And Christ
redeemed us from the curse of the law
according to Deuteronomy 28. We
make
much of this blood
because it
was so expensive;
it cost him his life.
He did it just for you so that you don't
have to be sick or have
poverty. He said, "I became poor that
they might be
rich."Poverty
is a curse; it's spiritual
leprosy.
I will not be poor another day in my
life for what Jesus paid the price for.
He
became poor that you might
be rich.
Jesus,
thank you for what you did for me.
That's what we do with this communion.
It should be so real to you when you
take it like I'm talking about right
now. Don't just take a
cracker and juice and go, "Well,
I'm taking it because it's a religious
thing to do."Why do we do
it?
What's the meaning of it?
It's not a religious
act; it's
relationship.
Thank you, Father, for your
blood, Lord. You're precious to me.
Thank you
for that mercy seat.
Oh Lord, you're beautiful;
your face is all I seek.
And when
your eyes
are on
this child,
your grace
abounds
to me.
Jesus,
what a wonder you are.
You are so gentle,
so pure, and so kind.
You
shine
like the bright morning star.
Jesus,
you're the sweetest name of all.
you always hear me when I call.
Jesus,
you lift me up each time I
fall. You're the sweetest
name of all.
I love that song; I sing it to him all
the time.
I believe
in miracles;
I've seen a soul set free.
Miraculous,
the change in one redeemed through
Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way up
through the stubborn sod. I believe in miracles, for I believe in God. I love that song; it's beautiful. I sang that the other day and the glory filled our car. We were taken back by it because, all of a sudden, this man started running around the road in front of us as I was singing, and he started just waving and doing all this stuff. I said, "What is that guy doing?"I don't know if he felt it or not, but he started doing a dance in the
road. He took his dog and he was running the dog around. I thought that guy was way out there, folks. We were all laughing and I said, "What was he doing?"I said,
"I believe in miracles.
I've seen the soul set free.
Miraculous
the change in one redeemed through
Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way
up through the stubborn
sod.
I believe in miracles
for I
believe in
God."Glory
to God. I love it.
I believe in it and I expect it every
day. I want you to expect it every day.
We pray this video blessed you all
today. We thank you for joining us. I
know it's probably long,
but
we're thankful for the Holy
Spirit coming with us today. I felt his
presence so strong. But if you
could, the part that helps us—the
only
part we'll ever ask you to
do—is
subscribe. Click the subscribe button,
click the notification button,
and
click the like button. It helps us with
the YouTube algorithm. It's what spreads
this gospel throughout the world.
YouTube will promote the video when
people see it whenever you do that. And
we believe we have an
urgency to get this gospel out. So, we
have all these new channels:
China, South Korea, Japan, and the Philippines. Not
North Korea—but one day in the name of
Jesus. My son
laughs at me because I say North Korea,
because I'm believing God it's going to
happen. We're going to see North Korea.
I believe it.
We're going to see
that Iron Curtain come down in the name
of Jesus. And we're going to reach those
people.
It's time
that His glory would be over North
Korea.
I pray for him so much in my heart; it
bothers me a lot. We will reach these
people, and Kim Jong-un's going to be
dealt with, and there will be a day when
those people who have been tormented
and tortured for so long get to hear
about our Jesus.
Yes,
He is going to visit them even in their
sleep.
Whatever it takes, we must pray
for them and for the people who are
not able to hear about Jesus. It's our
job to pray for our brothers and
sisters.
Well, we appreciate you all being here
today, and we're
excited that you're here. We're thankful
for every single one of you, and we say:
put a smile on your face and a song in
your heart. Jesus loves you so much, and
we love you, and we will see you all
soon. God bless you all. Bye-bye.